 so i booked a new driver it is well so i rescheduled our program the correct program is meant to be we are meant to do six weeks html and css six weeks that's like four weeks html two weeks css which we've already done then we are meant to do six weeks  Cheers. which is what we are doing now. That's the part we are covering. That's the first three months. And after which we are meant to do six weeks of frameworks. Frameworks, why we are meant to do six weeks of frameworks is because there are CSS frameworks that we use for CSS. Then there's also JS frameworks.  And these frameworks help you use these programs easier. easier for you to use. Then your last six weeks are meant to be strictly AI. Because your last three months are meant to be six weeks for frameworks and then six weeks for AI. Frameworks, that is CSS frameworks and JavaScript frameworks. Then six weeks for AI.  Box. I have rescheduled the program, I've changed the program. After the first three months, which is HTML, CSS, and JS, we are running on JS sooner. Either this class or the next class will be running on JS. But once we finish objects, we are done with JS. We just have loops, arrays, and objects to handle in JS, after which we have finished JS. This time around, I want us to, you into frameworks. I'm going to take you straight into AI. There's a reason why. No. That's in our next two classes or our next three classes. We'll be entering straight into AI. So by the time we enter into AI, by the time we enter into AI, I'll be showing you how to apply AI into development. By the time we enter into AI, I'll be showing you. In fact, when we enter into AI, you will start wondering why we have to waste so much time in doing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. But if we did not do all this HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, when we enter into AI, when AI produces website for you, because that website that you are building, that marketplace website that you are building, is AI that we are going to use to build that website. You will see that we will be able to build the website in two classes, just like how we used two classes to build our noodle. We built calculator in one class. We built calculator in one class.  Then we use two clamps. is to build a new group. You will see that with just two classes, we'll build that whole website as big as that website is. In two classes, we'll build the whole website. You see all the divisions of the website, admin, seller, buyer, all those things. AI will produce everything in seconds. But if you do not know HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, AI is sometimes makes mistakes. If you look at any AI engine, they will always write somewhere that AI can make mistakes. They always write it. AI can make mistakes. If AI makes mistakes, you will not know that AI has made mistakes if you don't know HTML, if you don't know CSS, if you don't know JavaScript. So that's the reason why I have to take you through the basics. At least now, if you see HTML code anyway, you see tags, you see HTML tags, you see head, you see body, you'll know what they are talking about. You see main, you see nav, you see div, you'll know what they are talking about. If you see properties of HTML, you see color, you see width, you see height, you'll know this is what this place is for. So if you want something to be wider, you don't need to always go back to AI and tell it, make it wider for me.  you can buy yourself a good day. make it wider. The importance of this thing is because in certain AI engines that you use, they will time you. They can tell you, for example, you might be able to, like if you are using charge GPT, if you make about five prompts or six prompts, they will tell you, you can only continue by  So... so and so time it might be in under six hours time might be in under 10 hours time now when they give you that post the reason why is because you have exhausted the amount of um they normally give you a prompt time the amount of prompt time that they have given you you have exhausted so you are limited in the way you use AI you are limited and so you can't afford to be telling AI to do every small thing. Change the width, change the height, change the color, change the this, change the that. Those are small, small things that you should be able to, as a programmer, do by yourself. If you see that this thing's width is not the way I want it to be, you can look for the width property. Go there and increase it by yourself. You see that this thing's height is not the way you want it to be. You can go there and change it by yourself.  so that's the reason why it's good for us to know what these things are the things that we produce It's good for us to know what they are, know what they mean, so that we can understand how to do it by ourselves, how to change it by ourselves, how to alter it by ourselves. But if not, in truth, AI is fastest, and AI is the way everybody builds nowadays. If you are building manually, you will spend years building.  We'll be able to run with two weeks. Maximum one week. Hello friends I'm back Thank you You heard that Maria Alboriz is dead? Who's Maria? That woman That woman that's wearing eyeglasses The one that has stalked visitors at Olympia Street When? They said last week, Saturday I was shocked when I heard this morning give me a second let me get our lecture notes so that we can  Okay. so so Okay. so uh uh so  so So, today, last time we opened from spree accounts. Are we? So today, but we'll be using that from spring, our next class. Today, I want us to quickly round up everything we have to do in JavaScript, but I don't want us to come back to JavaScript again. I need us to go quickly into AI, quickly, as quickly as possible into AI. No, no, not today. You said your best AI engine. It's a Meta, that's a, what is it? What was your best AI engine again? Siri. No, Siri, Siri was not your best. Meta AI. Meta AI, that's what you said. Meta AI, that's what you said was your best AI engine. And so we'll be using. I like the ones that have four corners. Yeah, because you like interactive coding. That's what we call interactive coding. Being able to talk to it. They can even help you write letters, help you write other things like that. You are going to use AI to write very powerful codes that can do powerful things. When we get to AI, you will then understand what it means. That's when you get home. You can ask Siri what prompt engineering means. engineering so it will explain it to you so that when we start it you'll know exactly what it means. Today we are going to go into... Why am I not seeing this? What was the last thing we did? When this kind of thing happens, what you do is that you right-click on it, right-click on it, and then push this button. So you can type. Alright, let me tell you. Say you saw. This laptop is very powerful. They are selling it. Somebody's own. That person. That person must be somebody who is into computing.

--- Analysis ---
Average Confidence: 0.67
Language: en
